The beta version of this service is free of charge to beta users during the beta stage.
The 'beta version' or 'private beta' is the trial period of this service until its official release which may include a change in the service name and the features it includes.
A beta user is someone who is interested in examining and evaluating the beta version of this service for personal or business reasons.
This terms of use are subject to change with or without notice after the initial beta sign up stage.
In addition, there is no guarantee that the features and functionalities of the beta version will be included in the official release - the official version may include different features and functionalities than the beta version.
Inkdrop is not responsible for any damage, inconvenience, or loss experienced during the beta trial period, when available, by any beta user.

## Article 1 (Scope)

This Terms of Service applies to any and all relationships between the Company and a user (“User”); if a user of Service is an entity, “User” includes the said entity as well as its officers and employees) regarding any and all websites, software, applications, products, documents, and any other goods and services provided by the Company under the service name “INKDROP” (“Service”). By using the Service, the User shall be deemed to have effectively and irrevocably agreed to all provisions of this Terms of Service. The User shall use the Service in compliance with this Terms of Service. In relation to the Service, if there are any other documents in addition to this Terms of Service that the Company distributes or posts on the website as “Terms of Use”, “Guideline”, “Policy,” or any other similar names (“Individual TOS”), the User shall use the Service in compliance with Individual TOS as well as this Terms of Service. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of Individual TOS and those of this Terms of Service, the provision of Individual TOS shall take precedence to the extent of such conflict.

## Article 2 (Registration)

Any person who wishes to use the Service may apply for registration of the use of the Service (hereinafter “Registration of Use”) by submitting certain information stipulated by the Company (“Registration Matters”) in a way designated by the Company (“Registration Applicant”). Provided, however, a minor shall obtain the consent of his/her parent or other statutory agent to apply for the registration. A person who applied for the registration shall become the User when the Company accepts the application for Registration of Use. Upon the Company’s acceptance of the Registration of Use, the User may use the Service in accordance with this Terms of Service. The Company may refuse any registration or reregistration without any obligation to disclose any of the reasons thereof, in the event that the whole or part of Registration Matters submitted by a Registration Applicant to the Company is found to be false, incorrect, or incomplete; the Company considers that a Registration Applicant is one of antisocial forces (hereinafter including organized crime groups, members of organized crime groups, ultra-rightist organization and other antisocial forces or similar groups), or cooperates or involves in maintenance, operation, or management of antisocial forces through funding or any other ways; a Registration Applicant is a person who was in breach of any contract with the Company, or is, in the Company’ judgment, related to such person; a Registration Applicant has been subject to any measures stipulated in Article 16 (Deregistration, etc.); or the Company considers that a Registration Applicant is inappropriate for registration for any other reasons.

## Article 3 (Provision of Service, No Warranty)

The Company may limit Users entitled to receive the Service to those who fulfill the conditions that the Company deems necessary, such as member registration, age or identification. The Company may place advertisements of the Company or any third party in the Service. The Company does not warrant that the Service (including the contents provided by the Company) will be free from any substantial or constructive defects (including, but not limited to, defects in terms of safeness, reliability, accuracy, completeness, effectiveness, fitness for a particular purpose or security, errors or bags, or infringement). The Company is not obligated to provide the Service to any User by eliminating such defects. Provided, however, if a contract between the Company and the User regarding the paid Service (including this Term) is deemed to be a consumer contract prescribed in the Consumer Contract Act, the Company shall not be released from all liabilities to indemnify damages incurred by the User due to any latent defect in such Service, and Article 18 (Exemption/Limitation of Company’s Liability), Paragraph 2 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such liabilities for the damages. The Company may take any measures that the Company deems necessary and appropriate in the event it finds that a User is using the Service in breach of this Term. Provided, however, the Company does not warrant to any User or third party that another User or person will not breach this Term nor does it assume any obligation to any User or third party for prevention or cure of such breach.

## Article 4 (Suspension of Service)

The Company may suspend or discontinue the whole or part of the provision of the Service without prior notice or announcement in the event that any inspection or maintenance work is urgently required to be conducted on any computer systems related to the Service; any computers, communication lines or other similar means are suspended due to any accident; the operation of the Service becomes impossible due to any force majeure causes, such as earthquake, lightning and thunder, windstorm, flood, power failure or any other acts of God; or the Company determines necessary to suspend or discontinue for any other reasons. The Company may suspend or discontinue the whole or part of the provision of the Service upon prior announcement on the Company’s website in the event that any inspection or maintenance work is required to be conducted on any computer systems related to the Service; or it is necessary for improvement, modification or other similar measures of the Service. The Company shall assume no liability whatsoever for any damages incurred by any User arising out of any measures taken by the Company under this article.

## Article 5 (Change of Contents and Termination of Service)

The Company may, in its own judgment, change any contents of the Service or terminate the provision of the Service without any prior notice. The Company shall assume no liability whatsoever for any damages incurred by any User arising out of any measures taken by the Company under this article.

## Article 6 (Environment for Use, etc.)

It shall be responsibility of each User to have, at its own responsibility and expense, personal computers, smartphones, communication devices, operation systems, communication method, electric power and any other items necessary for the use of the Service.

## Article 7 (Management of Password and User ID)

Each User shall be responsible to appropriately manage and maintain its password and User ID regarding the Service, and shall not let any third party (with regard to any password and User ID granted to the User, any person other than such User shall be “third party”) use the same nor shall lend, assign, transfer or otherwise sale the same to any third party. The Company will deem all acts performed using the registered password to be the act performed by the User itself. The User shall be liable for any damages arising out of any insufficient management, fault in the use, use by any third party of the password or User ID or other similar causes, and the Company shall assume no liability whatsoever therefor.

## Article 8 (Handling of Contents)

For the purpose of this Terms of Service, “Contents” shall mean text, images, video, music, sound, programs, codes and other information, and “User Contents” shall mean any Contents that the User has transferred or uploaded for storage in the servers managed by the Company. The User shall continue to retain any rights that it has in all User Contents, and the Company will not obtain any of such rights. The Company may provide the User, as a part of the provision of the Service, Contents that is available to the User for use in the Service (“Company Content”). The User may use any Company Contents at its responsibility; however, it shall not use (including duplication, transmission, reproduction, alteration and other similar acts) the Company Contents beyond the aspect of use reasonably contemplated by the Service. The Company may review the details of any User Contents when it deems necessary to conform its compliance with laws and ordinances or this Terms of Service; provided, however, the Company shall not be obligated to conduct such review. If the Company determines that the User is or appears likely in violation of any laws and ordinances or this Term of Service concerning its User Contents or if there are any other operational necessities, the Company may, without prior notice to the User, delete the User Contents from the servers managed by the Company or take any other measures to make the User unable to use the Service or User Contents. Therefore, it is recommended that Users prepare backups for User Contents at all times.

## Article 9 (Ownership of Rights)

All intellectual property rights relating to the Company’s website and the Service shall belong to the Company or the relevant licensor of the Company. The grant of the license to use the Service under this Terms of Service shall not deem to constitute granting of any license to use such intellectual property rights of the Company or the relevant licensor of the Company relating to the Company’s website and the Service. The Company shall be entitled to use any feedback, requests or proposals from any User without any permission from such User. The User warrants to the Company that it has due right to transmit, upload or otherwise use the User Contents and that any of the User Contents does not infringe any right of any third party. 

## Article 10 (Handling of User Information)

Any handlings of any User’s personal information shall be in compliance with this Terms of Use as well as the Privacy Policy of the Company. The Company may, at its discretion, use and disclose Registration Matters and any other information or data provided to the Company by the User for statistical information in a way that cannot identify an individual or the User.

## Article 11 (Confidentiality)

The Company shall keep User Contents in confidence except when it obtained prior written approval of the User or as provided in Article 10 (Handling of User Contents) hereof. The User shall keep any information that is not publicly known and that the Company requested the User to keep in confidence in relation to the Service except when the Company has given prior written approval. Notwithstanding the preceding two paragraphs, the Company or the User shall have no obligation to keep the following information in confidence; provided, however, this shall not apply to any personal information (information about living individual which can identify the specific individual by name, date of birth or other description contained in such information (including such information as will allow easy reference to other information and will thereby enable the identification of the specific individual)) : Information that is already publicly known or available at the time of disclosure from the other party; Information that becomes publicly known or available through no fault of it after the disclosure from the other party; Information that can be proved to have been in its possession at the time of disclosure from the other party; Information that can be proved to have been independently developed by it after the disclosure from the other party without use of such confidential information; or Information that is rightfully received from a third party without obligation of confidentiality.

## Article 12 (Prohibition against Retaining Multiple Accounts and Sharing an Account)

Users shall each retain one account. Except for the case otherwise approved by the Company, one User retaining multiple accounts or multiple Users sharing one account or multiple accounts is prohibited. Under no circumstances, the User may assign or lend the account to any third party.

## Article 13 (Prohibited Matters)

No User may conduct any act that falls under or the Company determines it to fall under any one of the followings in using the Service:

Act that is in violation of any laws and ordinances, final court judgments, decisions or orders, or legally binding administrative measures; Fraud or duress against the Company, other Users of the Service or any other third parties; Act that is offensive to public order and morals; Act that infringes the intellectual property rights, right of publicity, privacy, privilege or other
