src/pages/student-discount.md, before:

---
index: 40
category: info
path: /student-discount
title: Student Discount
---

![Student #cover](/images/student.svg) ![Teacher #cover](/images/teacher.svg)

We're committed to helping **students** and **teachers** experience the power of Inkdrop.
If you are eligible, you can get **a 60% off discount valid for 12 months**.

Apply for an educational license below to receive your discount.

## Proof of eligibility for students and teachers

To be approved for an educational discount, please provide proof of eligibility for the following items:

- ID card for your institution
- Enrollment documents for the current academic year
- Valid receipt (must contain the student name, date/duration of the course and the name of the academic institution)

## Request your discount

Please email us to [contact@inkdrop.app](mailto:contact@inkdrop.app) with the following information to apply it.
Note that you have to request it at least 3 business days before your free trial expires.
If you don't, your first invoice will not be applied the discount.

- Your full name
- Your registered account's email address
- Educational institution
- Country
- Course you're enrolled in
- Proof of student/teacher status
  (i.e: scan of ID card with a visible expiration date, enrollment document, invoice or receipt)
- Additional comments (optional)

Commit message:

fix(student-discount): how to renew discount

src/pages/student-discount.md, after:

---
index: 40
category: info
path: /student-discount
title: Student Discount
---

![Student #cover](/images/student.svg) ![Teacher #cover](/images/teacher.svg)

We're committed to helping **students** and **teachers** experience the power of Inkdrop.
If you are eligible, you can get **a 60% off discount valid for 12 months**.

Apply for an educational license below to receive your discount.

## Proof of eligibility for students and teachers

To be approved for an educational discount, please provide proof of eligibility for the following items:

- ID card for your institution
- Enrollment documents for the current academic year
- Valid receipt (must contain the student name, date/duration of the course and the name of the academic institution)

## Request your discount

Please email us to [contact@inkdrop.app](mailto:contact@inkdrop.app) with the following information to apply it.
Note that you have to request it at least **3 business days before your free trial expires**.
If you don't, your first invoice will not be applied the discount.

- Your full name
- Your registered account's email address
- Educational institution
- Country
- Course you're enrolled in
- Proof of student/teacher status
  (i.e: scan of ID card with a visible expiration date, enrollment document, invoice or receipt)
- Additional comments (optional)

## Renew your discount

If you are still a student or teacher, you can continue getting the student discount.
Please email us to [contact@inkdrop.app](mailto:contact@inkdrop.app) with the latest proof of eligibility to apply it again.
Note that you have to request it at least **3 business days before the next payment** or you will not be able to get the discount.
