src/pages/manual/creating-a-theme.md, before:

---
index: 20
category: "hacking"
toc: true
path: "/manual/creating-a-theme"
title: "Creating a Theme"
---

Inkdrop's interface is rendered using HTML, and it's styled via Less which is a superset of CSS. Don't worry if you haven't heard of Less before; it's just like CSS, but with a few handy extensions.

Inkdrop supports three types of themes: UI, Syntax and Preview. UI themes style elements such as the side view, the note list, drop-down lists, and the tool bar. Syntax themes style the note, gutter and other elements inside the editor view. Preview themes style the header, texts, code blocks and other elements inside the preview view.

![Theme Types](./creating-a-theme_types.png)

Themes can be changed from Preferences which you can open by selecting the *Inkdrop > Preferences* menu, and clicking the *Themes* tab on the left hand navigation.
Themes can be also installed with [Inkdrop Plugin Manager](/manual/extend-inkdrop-with-plugins).

## Getting Started

Themes are pretty straightforward but it's still helpful to be familiar with a few things before starting:

 * [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables) are entities defined by CSS authors which contain specific values to be reused throughout a document.
 * Less is a superset of CSS, but it has some really handy features like variables. If you aren't familiar with its syntax, take a few minutes to [familiarize yourself](https://speakerdeck.com/danmatthews/less-css).
 * You may also want to review the concept of a `package.json` (as covered in Inkdrop `package.json`). This file is used to help distribute your theme to Inkdrop users.
 * Your theme's `package.json` must contain a `theme` key with a value of `ui`, `syntax` or `preview` for Inkdrop to recognize and load it as a theme.
 * You can find existing themes to install or fork in the [Inkdrop themes registry](https://my.inkdrop.app/plugins/theme).

## Creating a Syntax Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> Syntax themes should end with <code>-syntax</code>.
</div>

Let's create your first theme which is called `motif-syntax`.
To create a syntax theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's sample repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-default-light-syntax-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the directory named `motif-syntax` in the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the *Inkdrop > Preferences* menu, clicking the *General* tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "*Development Mode*", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
7. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
8. Enable the theme via the "*Syntax Theme*" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

Open up `styles/colors.less` to change the various color variables which have already been defined. For example, turn `@base00` into `#f4c2c1`.

Then open `styles/default.less` and modify the various selectors that have already been defined. These selectors style different parts of code in the editor such as comments, strings and the line numbers in the gutter.
You may notice that the editor is built based on [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/), you can also import various existing theme built for CodeMirror.

After making changes, reload the app to reflected changes.

<div class="ui notice message">
<strong>Note</strong>: It's advised to not specify a <code>font-family</code> in your syntax theme because it will override the Font Family field in Inkdrop's settings. If you still like to recommend a font that goes well with your theme, we suggest you do so in your README.
</div>

## Creating a UI Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> UI themes should end with <code>-ui</code> or for dark theme<code>-dark-ui</code>.
</div>

To create a UI theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's default UI theme repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-default-light-ui-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the *Inkdrop > Preferences* menu, clicking the *General* tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "*Development Mode*", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
7. Run `gulp build` to build theme files
8. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
9. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
10. Enable the theme via the "*UI Theme*" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

You may notice that the styling UI is based on [Semantic UI](http://semantic-ui.com/). It's mostly common in customizing the UI elements with it, so [their documentation](http://learnsemantic.com/) is very helpful to learn.

## Theme Variables

Inkdrop's UI elements are styled with [CSS variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables). You may not be familiar with it because it's new technology. Don't worry, it's mostly same as variables in LESS. The CSS Variables let Inkdrop give meaningful names for styles of the UI components, for example, `--note-list-bar-background` variable styles the background of the note list bar.
Inkdrop's CSS Variables are defined in `src/definitions/globals/variables.less`, and you can change them by editing `src/themes/default/globals/site.variables`.

## Creating a Preview Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> Preview themes should end with <code>-preview</code>.
</div>

Let's create your first theme which is called `motif-preview`.
To create a preview theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's sample repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-github-preview-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the directory named `motif-preview` in the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the *Inkdrop > Preferences* menu, clicking the *General* tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "*Development Mode*", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
7. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
8. Enable the theme via the "*Preview Theme*" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

Highlighting code blocks is built with [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/demo/theme.html), and CSS selectors for styling code blocks are compatible with it.

After making changes, reload the app to reflected changes.

## Development workflow

There are a few tools to help make theme development faster and easier.

### Developer Tools

Inkdrop is based on the Chrome browser, and supports Chrome's Developer Tools.
In Development Mode, *Inspect Element* menu is available in the context menu. You can right-click anywhere to inspect the HTML element.

![Inspect Element](./creating-a-theme_inspect-element.png)

You can check how it's styled with themes in the Developer Tools like this:

![DevTools](./creating-a-theme_devtools.png)

Check out Google's [extensive tutorial](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/iterate/inspect-styles/?utm_source=dcc&utm_medium=redirect&utm_campaign=2016q3) for a short introduction.

## Publish your theme

Once you're happy with your theme and would like to share it with other Inkdrop users, it's time to publish it. 🎉

Follow the steps in the [Publishing](/manual/plugin-word-count#publishing) section of the Word Count example. Publishing a theme works exactly the same.

Commit message:

fix(manual): mention the menu to Preferences for Windows and Linux
The menu to open Preferences is different between macOS and other platforms

fix #20

src/pages/manual/creating-a-theme.md, after:

---
index: 20
category: "hacking"
toc: true
path: "/manual/creating-a-theme"
title: "Creating a Theme"
---

Inkdrop's interface is rendered using HTML, and it's styled via Less which is a superset of CSS. Don't worry if you haven't heard of Less before; it's just like CSS, but with a few handy extensions.

Inkdrop supports three types of themes: UI, Syntax and Preview. UI themes style elements such as the side view, the note list, drop-down lists, and the tool bar. Syntax themes style the note, gutter and other elements inside the editor view. Preview themes style the header, texts, code blocks and other elements inside the preview view.

![Theme Types](./creating-a-theme_types.png)

Themes can be changed from Preferences which you can open by selecting the _Inkdrop > Preferences_ on macOS or _File > Settings_ on Windows and Linux, and clicking the _Themes_ tab on the left hand navigation.
Themes can be also installed with [Inkdrop Plugin Manager](/manual/extend-inkdrop-with-plugins).

## Getting Started

Themes are pretty straightforward but it's still helpful to be familiar with a few things before starting:

- [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables) are entities defined by CSS authors which contain specific values to be reused throughout a document.
- Less is a superset of CSS, but it has some really handy features like variables. If you aren't familiar with its syntax, take a few minutes to [familiarize yourself](https://speakerdeck.com/danmatthews/less-css).
- You may also want to review the concept of a `package.json` (as covered in Inkdrop `package.json`). This file is used to help distribute your theme to Inkdrop users.
- Your theme's `package.json` must contain a `theme` key with a value of `ui`, `syntax` or `preview` for Inkdrop to recognize and load it as a theme.
- You can find existing themes to install or fork in the [Inkdrop themes registry](https://my.inkdrop.app/plugins/theme).

## Creating a Syntax Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> Syntax themes should end with <code>-syntax</code>.
</div>

Let's create your first theme which is called `motif-syntax`.
To create a syntax theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's sample repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-default-light-syntax-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the directory named `motif-syntax` in the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the menu _Inkdrop > Preferences_ on macOS or _File > Settings_ on Windos and Linux, clicking the _General_ tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "_Development Mode_", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
7. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
8. Enable the theme via the "_Syntax Theme_" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

Open up `styles/colors.less` to change the various color variables which have already been defined. For example, turn `@base00` into `#f4c2c1`.

Then open `styles/default.less` and modify the various selectors that have already been defined. These selectors style different parts of code in the editor such as comments, strings and the line numbers in the gutter.
You may notice that the editor is built based on [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/), you can also import various existing theme built for CodeMirror.

After making changes, reload the app to reflected changes.

<div class="ui notice message">
<strong>Note</strong>: It's advised to not specify a <code>font-family</code> in your syntax theme because it will override the Font Family field in Inkdrop's settings. If you still like to recommend a font that goes well with your theme, we suggest you do so in your README.
</div>

## Creating a UI Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> UI themes should end with <code>-ui</code> or for dark theme<code>-dark-ui</code>.
</div>

To create a UI theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's default UI theme repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-default-light-ui-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the menu _Inkdrop > Preferences_ on macOS or _File > Settings_ on Windos and Linux, clicking the _General_ tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "_Development Mode_", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
7. Run `gulp build` to build theme files
8. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
9. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
10. Enable the theme via the "_UI Theme_" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

You may notice that the styling UI is based on [Semantic UI](http://semantic-ui.com/). It's mostly common in customizing the UI elements with it, so [their documentation](http://learnsemantic.com/) is very helpful to learn.

## Theme Variables

Inkdrop's UI elements are styled with [CSS variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables). You may not be familiar with it because it's new technology. Don't worry, it's mostly same as variables in LESS. The CSS Variables let Inkdrop give meaningful names for styles of the UI components, for example, `--note-list-bar-background` variable styles the background of the note list bar.
Inkdrop's CSS Variables are defined in `src/definitions/globals/variables.less`, and you can change them by editing `src/themes/default/globals/site.variables`.

## Creating a Preview Theme

<div class="ui message info">
  <strong>Tip:</strong> Preview themes should end with <code>-preview</code>.
</div>

Let's create your first theme which is called `motif-preview`.
To create a preview theme, do the following:

1. fork the [Inkdrop's sample repository on GitHub](https://github.com/inkdropapp/inkdrop-github-preview-theme)
2. Clone the forked repository to the directory named `motif-preview` in the local filesystem
3. Open a terminal in the forked theme's directory
4. Let Inkdrop run in **Development Mode** by selecting the menu _Inkdrop > Preferences_ on macOS or _File > Settings_ on Windos and Linux, clicking the _General_ tab on the left hand navigation, and check the "_Development Mode_", then reload the app by pressing `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
5. Change the name of the theme in the theme's `package.json` file
6. Run `ipm link --dev` to symlink your repository to `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/dev/packages`
7. Reload Inkdrop using `Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+L` / `Alt+Ctrl+L`
8. Enable the theme via the "_Preview Theme_" drop-down in the "Themes" tab of the Preferences

Now you are ready to make changes!

Highlighting code blocks is built with [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net/demo/theme.html), and CSS selectors for styling code blocks are compatible with it.

After making changes, reload the app to reflected changes.

## Development workflow

There are a few tools to help make theme development faster and easier.

### Developer Tools

Inkdrop is based on the Chrome browser, and supports Chrome's Developer Tools.
In Development Mode, _Inspect Element_ menu is available in the context menu. You can right-click anywhere to inspect the HTML element.

![Inspect Element](./creating-a-theme_inspect-element.png)

You can check how it's styled with themes in the Developer Tools like this:

![DevTools](./creating-a-theme_devtools.png)

Check out Google's [extensive tutorial](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/iterate/inspect-styles/?utm_source=dcc&utm_medium=redirect&utm_campaign=2016q3) for a short introduction.

## Publish your theme

Once you're happy with your theme and would like to share it with other Inkdrop users, it's time to publish it. 🎉

Follow the steps in the [Publishing](/manual/plugin-word-count#publishing) section of the Word Count example. Publishing a theme works exactly the same.
