src/pages/manual/writing-note.md, before:

---
index: 10
category: "usage"
toc: false
path: "/manual/writing-note"
title: "Writing Note"
---

The editor supports standard Markdown syntax as well as
[GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM)](/manual/markdown-cheatsheet) with inline formatting.

## Live Preview

Inkdrop supports live preview of note. You can switch to Side-by-Side Preview with <kbd>Cmd+P</kbd> (on macOS) / <kbd>Ctrl+P</kbd> (on Windows/Linux) keybind to see the editor and preview side-by-side like this:

![SideBySide](./writing-note_sidebyside.png)

You can also toggle preview mode by clicking buttons on bottom right corner of the editor:

![Toggle buttons](./writing-note_toggle_buttons.png)

Note that those buttons are hidden unless you move the mouse cursor on the editor in order not to distract your writing.

## Distraction Free Mode

To hide the sidebar and the note list, press <kbd>Cmd+Shift+D</kbd> / <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+D</kbd> to toggle _Distraction Free Mode_.
You can even hide the toolbar on the top of the editor from the preferences if you don't need it.

## Tagging

Inkdrop lets you assign tags to a note.
This is another way to organize your notes.

![Tagging](./writing-note_tags.png)

Tags are listed on the sidebar.

Commit message:

fix(manual): Small refactor for the Writing note page (#42)
* feat(images): add svg icons

* add: icons in text

* suggestions for the Backup data page

* for windows -> on windows

* replace an image with a more neat one

* add note about default backup folder and possible solutions

* Update capitalization for basic usage and quick start pages

* Small refactor for the Writing note page

* Rephrase distraction free mode description

* revert icon color and use another background for screenshot

* align magnifier a bit

Co-authored-by: Takuya Matsuyama <hi@craftz.dog>
Co-authored-by: drotaenko <drotaenko@xbsoftware.by>

src/pages/manual/writing-note.md, after:

---
index: 10
category: "usage"
toc: false
path: "/manual/writing-note"
title: "Write your first note"
---

The editor supports both standard Markdown syntax and the
[GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM)](/manual/markdown-cheatsheet) with inline formatting.

## Live preview

Inkdrop lets you preview notes to see how they will eventually look like. Use <kbd>Command+P</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl+P</kbd> on Windows/Linux to display note and its preview side-by-side.

![SideBySide](./writing-note_sidebyside.png)

You can also toggle the preview mode by clicking the ![ui-icon](/images/icons/view-1.svg) icon in the lower right corner of the editor. 
Or click ![ui-icon](/images/icons/layout-two-colums.svg) to toggle note and its preview side-by-side.


![Toggle buttons](./writing-note_toggle_buttons.png)

Note that the icons are hidden unless you hover the mouse cursor over the editor.

## Distraction Free Mode

'Distraction Free Mode' lets you focus on the writing process by hiding the sidebar and note list. To toggle the 'Distraction Free Mode', use <kbd>Command+Shift+D</kbd>, or <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+D</kbd> on Windows/Linux. 

You can even hide the toolbar with controls for quick formatting. For this, take the following steps:

1. Open **Preferences** by clicking the ![ui-icon](/images/icons/cog.svg) icon in the upper right corner of the sidebar.  
   You can also use <kbd>Command+,</kbd>, or <kbd>Ctrl+,</kbd> on Windows/Linux.
2. Go to **Editing** and clear the **Toolbar** checkbox.  
   It will hide the toolbar.  

## Tag notes

Inkdrop lets you tag notes. It's another way to organize your notes.
![Tagging](./writing-note_tags.png)

Existing tags are listed on the sidebar.
