pages/privacy.md, before:

This notice describes how Inkdrop collects and uses data about you.

Skip to:

 * [Definitions](#definitions)
 * [How does Inkdrop collect data about me?](#how-does-inkdrop-collect-data-about-me-)
 * [What data does Inkdrop collect about me, and why?](#what-data-does-inkdrop-collect-about-me-and-why-)
 * [Where does Inkdrop keep data about me?](#where-does-inkdrop-keep-data-about-me-)
 * [Does Inkdrop comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?](#does-inkdrop-comply-with-the-eu-general-data-protection-regulation-)
 * [How can I access data about me?](#how-can-i-access-data-about-me-)
 * [How can I change or erase data about me?](#how-can-i-change-or-erase-data-about-me-)
 * [Does Inkdrop share data about me with others?](#does-inkdrop-share-data-about-me-with-others-)
 * [Who can I contact about Inkdrop and my privacy?](#who-can-i-contact-about-inkdrop-and-my-privacy-)
 * [How can I find out about changes?](#how-can-i-find-out-about-changes-)

## Definitions

Inkdrop is owned by Takuya Matsuyama, based in Tokyo - Japan. (referred to as "I", "Me", "Our" or "We"). As a customer of this service you're a "User" or "You" according to this policy. The applications or any services offered by us will be referred to as "Inkdrop", "App", "Website" or "Service".

## How does Inkdrop collect data about me?

Inkdrop collects data about you:

 * when you browse the Inkdrop website, [inkdrop.info](https://www.inkdrop.info)
 * when you create an Inkdrop account or update your account
 * when you use the Inkdrop client app for macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS or Android
 * when you send support, privacy, legal, and other requests to us
 * when working with and researching current and potential customers
 * when you use [`ipm` command](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/extend-inkdrop-with-plugins) to publish plugins for Inkdrop
 * when you post topics or comments on [the Inkdrop forum](https://forum.inkdrop.info/)

When researching potential customers, we sometimes search the public World Wide Web or paid business databases. Otherwise, we don't buy or receive data about you from data brokers or other private services.

## What data does Inkdrop collect about me, and why?

### Inkdrop collects note data.

When you add notes, notebooks, tags and attachment files on the Inkdrop client apps, Inkdrop stores them in your local devices and the Inkdrop servers. The data is associated with your Inkdrop account. When the data is stored in the Inkdrop server, [Inkdrop encrypts it in transit and at rest](https://doc.inkdrop.info/security) so that other people including the server administrators can not see the contents of the data. The Inkdrop server uses the data to provide data synchronization functionality across your devices. You can disable this functionality from [Preferences](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/synchronizing-in-the-cloud).
The client apps keep the data in your local storage in order to provide quick offline access to the data. The client apps don't encrypt the data at rest in local to provide quick search functionality.

### Inkdrop collects data about how you use Inkdrop service.

When you use the Inkdrop client apps, the Inkdrop website or the `ipm` command, Inkdrop logs data that might be identified to you:

* a random, unique identifier
* the version of the Inkdrop app, and the operating system you are using
* network request data, such as the date and time, your IP address, and the URL
* number of notes, notebooks, tags, files and the total data size of them

Inkdrop uses this data to:

* keep our service working quickly and reliably
* debug and develop our apps and website
* defend Inkdrop service from abuse and technical attacks
* compile statistics on plugin usage and popularity
* improve search results on the website
* improve usability of our apps

Inkdrop usually deletes log entries with identifiable information within a few weeks, but may preserve logs longer, as needed in specific cases, like investigations of specific incidents.


### Inkdrop collects data about how you use the website.

When you visit [www.inkdrop.info](https://www.inkdrop.info/), [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info/), [doc.inkdrop.info](https://doc.inkdrop.info/), [forum.inkdrop.info](https://forum.inkdrop.info/), and other Inkdrop websites, Inkdrop uses cookies, server logs, and other methods to collect data about what pages you visit, and when. Inkdrop also collects technical information about the software and computer you use, such as:

* your IP address
* your preferred language
* the web browser software you use
* the kind of computer you use
* the website that referred you

Inkdrop uses data about how you use the website to:

* optimize the website, so that it's quick and easy to use
* diagnose and debug technical errors
* defend the website from abuse and technical attacks
* compile statistics on package popularity
* compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
* compile statistics on visitor searches and needs, to guide development of new website pages and functionality
* decide who to contact about about product announcements, service changes, and new features

Inkdrop usually deletes website log entries with identifiable information within a few weeks, but keeps entries for visitors with Inkdrop accounts longer. Inkdrop reviews log entries for those users twice a year, and deletes entries when they're no longer needed.

Inkdrop may preserve log entries for all kinds of visitors longer, as needed in specific cases, like investigation of specific incidents. Inkdrop stores aggregate statistics indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.

### Inkdrop collects account data.

Basically Inkdrop serviecs require an Inkdrop account. For example, you must have an Inkdrop account to use the Inkdrop client apps.

To create an Inkdrop account, Inkdrop requires a working email address. Inkdrop uses this data to provide you access to features and identify you across Inkdrop service, publicly and within Inkdrop.

You do not have to give your personal or legal name to create an Inkdrop account. You can use a pseudonym instead. You can also open more than one account.

Inkdrop publishes account data for the whole world to see on user shared notes like [this one](https://community.inkdrop.info/note/d975606d93c067c5ef8d6adfb5db83b5/note:r1xTyulORf). Inkdrop also publishes account data through [the Inkdrop plugin registry](https://app.inkdrop.info/plugins) if you have published plugins.

You don't have to give Inkdrop a personal name or any social media names, and you can erase this data at any time.

Inkdrop uses your email to:

* confirm if your email address is correct to sign you up
* notify you about your free trial expires in 3 days
* notify you about your free trial has been expired
* notify you about your payment failure
* notify you about your account has been deactivated because of payment failure
* invite you to our lounge where only paid users can access when you became a paid user
* notify you about your annual subscription renewal 3 days before
* contact you in special circumstances related to your account
* contact you about support requests
* contact you about legal requests, like DMCA takedown requests and privacy complaints
* announce new Inkdrop product offerings, service changes, and features

Inkdrop stores account data as long as the account stays open. When account data also appear in plugin data, Inkdrop stores that data as long as it stores the plugin.

### Inkdrop collects shared note data.

When you [shared notes](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/sharing-your-notes-on-the-web) to the World Wide Web, Inkdrop collects the contents of the note without encryption, plus metadata, including your account data in order to make the note available to everyone, online.

You can unpublish your shared notes, erasing them from Inkdrop's storage, when you no longer need them to share with others.

### Inkdrop collects plugin data.

When you use [`ipm publish`](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/plugin-word-count#publishing) to publish plugins to the Inkdrop plugin registry, Inkdrop collects the contents of the plugin, plus metadata, including your account data.

Inkdrop uses data in plugins to provide those plugins to you and others who request them: when you publish a plugin to the Inkdrop plugin registry, Inkdrop makes the plugin and metadata available to everyone, online.

Making plugin data available to others allows them to download, build on, and depend on your work. In the vast majority of cases, Inkdrop stores data in and metadata about every version of every plugin indefinitely, unless it's unpublished.

In some cases, however, plugin publishers can unpublish packages, erasing them from the plugin registry. Erased plugins disappears completely from Inkdrop's storage.

### Inkdrop collects payment card data.

To continue using Inkdrop service after expiring free trial, Inkdrop requires your payment card data. Inkdrop itself does not collect or store enough information to charge your card itself. Rather, [Stripe](https://stripe.com/) collects that data on Inkdrop's behalf, and gives Inkdrop security tokens that allow Inkdrop to create charges and subscriptions. Stripe meets the highest level of PCI compliance (Level 1). See more on their [Security page](https://stripe.com/docs/security/stripe).

Inkdrop uses your payment card data only to charge for Inkdrop service.

Inkdrop instructs Stripe to store your payment card data only as long as you use paid Inkdrop service.

### Inkdrop collects data about correspondence.

Inkdrop collects data about you when you send Inkdrop support requests, legal complaints, privacy inquiries, and business inquiries. Those data usually include your name and email address, and may include your company or other affiliation.

Inkdrop uses contact data to:

* respond to you
* compile aggregate statistics about correspondence
* train support staff and other Inkdrop personnel
* review the performance of Inkdrop personnel who respond
* defend Inkdrop from legal claims

Inkdrop stores correspondence as long as it may be useful for these purposes.

## Where does Inkdrop keep data about me?

Inkdrop stores account data, note data, data about website use, and plugins on servers in the United States of America.
I sometimes retrieve those data to my personal computers in Japan. I use the data to develop, debug and maintain service.
The data is erased from my computers when no longer needed.

## Does Inkdrop comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?

[Regulation (EU) 2016/679](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.L_.2016.119.01.0001.01.ENG), the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), does not apply to Inkdrop because:

 1. Inkdrop offers its service only in English and in USD currency.
 2. Inkdrop does not collect or track the European Union (EU) citizens' behaviour for personalization or retargeting purposes.

If you are a citizen or resident of EU, you still have a choice to use Inkdrop but we assume that you understand you can't claim your privacy rights based on GDPR.

## How can I access data about me?

You can access your account data at any time by visiting your account page on [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).

You can access your note data from the client apps available on macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS and Android which you can get at [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info/download).

You can [export all your note data](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/backing-up-your-data) in [JSON](https://www.json.org/) or Markdown format from our desktop client apps.

## How can I change or erase data about me?

You can change your account data and payment card data at any time by visiting your account settings page on [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).

You can close your Inkdrop account at any time through [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).
Closing your account starts a process of erasing Inkdrop's records of your account data including notes, shared notes, notebooks, tags and attachment files.
Closing your account does not automatically erase plugins published under your account.
You can unpublish plugins before closing your account with `ipm unpublish` command.
When you uninstalled our iOS app or Android app, the data stored in your device is completely erased.
When you uninstalled our desktop app for macOS, Windows or Linux, the data is not completely erased from your device. You can find the data which the app stores in following directory and you can erase them:

* on macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/`
* on Windows: `%APPDATA%/inkdrop/`
* on Linux: `~/.config/inkdrop/`

Closing your account anonymizes your topics and comments posted on [forum.inkdrop.info](https://forum.inkdrop.info/).
Your profile and IP address on the forum will be erased but your posts will be remained because they would be helpful for other users.
If you wish to delete them completely, email [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info) and let us know which user needs to be erased.

If you have questions or problems using the website or `ipm` command to change or delete data about you, email [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info).

## Does Inkdrop share data about me with others?

Inkdrop shares account data with others as [mentioned in the section about account data](#inkdrop-collects-account-data-).

Inkdrop does not sell information about you to others. However, Inkdrop uses services provided by other companies to provide Inkdrop service. Some of those services may collect data about you independently, for their own purposes. All of the companies are based in the United States.

Some of these services may be used to collect information about your online activities across different websites.

### Inkdrop uses Google Analytics.

Inkdrop's website uses Google Analytics to collect and analyze data about visitors to its websites. You can read [the privacy policy for Google Analytics online](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/). You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing a [free browser extension](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

### Inkdrop uses cloud computing platforms.

Inkdrop uses [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) servers and services, in service regions all across the world, to power the Inkdrop services. You can read [the privacy policy for AWS online](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/).

Inkdrop uses [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) servers and services, in service region in the United States of America, to power the Inkdrop services. You can read [the privacy policy for Heroku online](https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/).

### Inkdrop uses Papertrail.

Inkdrop uses [Papertrail](https://papertrailapp.com/) to collect logs from its servers. You can read [the privacy policy for Papertrail online](https://papertrailapp.com/info/privacy).

### Inkdrop uses Stripe.

Inkdrop uses [Stripe](https://www.stripe.com/) to collect and use payment card payment data. You can read [the privacy policy for Stripe online](https://stripe.com/privacy).

### Inkdrop uses Mixpanel.

Inkdrop uses [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/) to collect and analyze data about visitors to its websites and how you use our apps. You can read [the privacy policy for Mixpanel online](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/). You can opt out of Mixpanel by visiting this page: [www.mixpanel.com/optout](https://www.mixpanel.com/optout). Those tracking data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.

### Inkdrop uses Rollbar.

Inkdrop uses [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) to collect crash reports and error logs from our desktop apps and websites. Those crash reports include your technical information for simpler identification and incident management. Those data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.
For more information on what type of information Rollbar collects, please visit [the Privacy Policy page of Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/privacy/).

### Inkdrop uses Bugsnag.

Inkdrop uses [Bugsnag](https://www.bugsnag.com/) to collect crash reports and error logs from our mobile apps. Those crash reports include your technical information for simpler identification and incident management. Those data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.
For more information on what type of information Bugsnag collects, please visit [the Privacy Policy page of Rollbar](https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/).

## Who can I contact about Inkdrop and my privacy?

You can send questions or complaints to:

 * Takuya Matsuyama
 * [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info)
 * 5-18-11-303
 * Tagara, Nerima, Tokyo
 * 179-0073
 * Japan

## How can I find out about changes?

Inkdrop will announce the next version on [the Inkdrop blog](https://blog.inkdrop.info/). In the meantime, Inkdrop may update its contact information and minor changes by updating the page at [Privacy Policy](https://doc.inkdrop.info/privacy), without an announcement. Inkdrop may change how it announces changes in future privacy versions.

You can review the history of changes in [the Git repository for Inkdrop's documentations](https://github.com/inkdropapp/docs).

Commit message:

fix(privacy-policy): Add DigitalOcean

pages/privacy.md, after:

This notice describes how Inkdrop collects and uses data about you.

Skip to:

 * [Definitions](#definitions)
 * [How does Inkdrop collect data about me?](#how-does-inkdrop-collect-data-about-me-)
 * [What data does Inkdrop collect about me, and why?](#what-data-does-inkdrop-collect-about-me-and-why-)
 * [Where does Inkdrop keep data about me?](#where-does-inkdrop-keep-data-about-me-)
 * [Does Inkdrop comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?](#does-inkdrop-comply-with-the-eu-general-data-protection-regulation-)
 * [How can I access data about me?](#how-can-i-access-data-about-me-)
 * [How can I change or erase data about me?](#how-can-i-change-or-erase-data-about-me-)
 * [Does Inkdrop share data about me with others?](#does-inkdrop-share-data-about-me-with-others-)
 * [Who can I contact about Inkdrop and my privacy?](#who-can-i-contact-about-inkdrop-and-my-privacy-)
 * [How can I find out about changes?](#how-can-i-find-out-about-changes-)

## Definitions

Inkdrop is owned by Takuya Matsuyama, based in Tokyo - Japan. (referred to as "I", "Me", "Our" or "We"). As a customer of this service you're a "User" or "You" according to this policy. The applications or any services offered by us will be referred to as "Inkdrop", "App", "Website" or "Service".

## How does Inkdrop collect data about me?

Inkdrop collects data about you:

 * when you browse the Inkdrop website, [inkdrop.info](https://www.inkdrop.info)
 * when you create an Inkdrop account or update your account
 * when you use the Inkdrop client app for macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS or Android
 * when you send support, privacy, legal, and other requests to us
 * when working with and researching current and potential customers
 * when you use [`ipm` command](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/extend-inkdrop-with-plugins) to publish plugins for Inkdrop
 * when you post topics or comments on [the Inkdrop forum](https://forum.inkdrop.info/)

When researching potential customers, we sometimes search the public World Wide Web or paid business databases. Otherwise, we don't buy or receive data about you from data brokers or other private services.

## What data does Inkdrop collect about me, and why?

### Inkdrop collects note data.

When you add notes, notebooks, tags and attachment files on the Inkdrop client apps, Inkdrop stores them in your local devices and the Inkdrop servers. The data is associated with your Inkdrop account. When the data is stored in the Inkdrop server, [Inkdrop encrypts it in transit and at rest](https://doc.inkdrop.info/security) so that other people including the server administrators can not see the contents of the data. The Inkdrop server uses the data to provide data synchronization functionality across your devices. You can disable this functionality from [Preferences](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/synchronizing-in-the-cloud).
The client apps keep the data in your local storage in order to provide quick offline access to the data. The client apps don't encrypt the data at rest in local to provide quick search functionality.

### Inkdrop collects data about how you use Inkdrop service.

When you use the Inkdrop client apps, the Inkdrop website or the `ipm` command, Inkdrop logs data that might be identified to you:

* a random, unique identifier
* the version of the Inkdrop app, and the operating system you are using
* network request data, such as the date and time, your IP address, and the URL
* number of notes, notebooks, tags, files and the total data size of them

Inkdrop uses this data to:

* keep our service working quickly and reliably
* debug and develop our apps and website
* defend Inkdrop service from abuse and technical attacks
* compile statistics on plugin usage and popularity
* improve search results on the website
* improve usability of our apps

Inkdrop usually deletes log entries with identifiable information within a few weeks, but may preserve logs longer, as needed in specific cases, like investigations of specific incidents.


### Inkdrop collects data about how you use the website.

When you visit [www.inkdrop.info](https://www.inkdrop.info/), [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info/), [doc.inkdrop.info](https://doc.inkdrop.info/), [forum.inkdrop.info](https://forum.inkdrop.info/), and other Inkdrop websites, Inkdrop uses cookies, server logs, and other methods to collect data about what pages you visit, and when. Inkdrop also collects technical information about the software and computer you use, such as:

* your IP address
* your preferred language
* the web browser software you use
* the kind of computer you use
* the website that referred you

Inkdrop uses data about how you use the website to:

* optimize the website, so that it's quick and easy to use
* diagnose and debug technical errors
* defend the website from abuse and technical attacks
* compile statistics on package popularity
* compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
* compile statistics on visitor searches and needs, to guide development of new website pages and functionality
* decide who to contact about about product announcements, service changes, and new features

Inkdrop usually deletes website log entries with identifiable information within a few weeks, but keeps entries for visitors with Inkdrop accounts longer. Inkdrop reviews log entries for those users twice a year, and deletes entries when they're no longer needed.

Inkdrop may preserve log entries for all kinds of visitors longer, as needed in specific cases, like investigation of specific incidents. Inkdrop stores aggregate statistics indefinitely, but those statistics don't include data identifiable to you personally.

### Inkdrop collects account data.

Basically Inkdrop serviecs require an Inkdrop account. For example, you must have an Inkdrop account to use the Inkdrop client apps.

To create an Inkdrop account, Inkdrop requires a working email address. Inkdrop uses this data to provide you access to features and identify you across Inkdrop service, publicly and within Inkdrop.

You do not have to give your personal or legal name to create an Inkdrop account. You can use a pseudonym instead. You can also open more than one account.

Inkdrop publishes account data for the whole world to see on user shared notes like [this one](https://community.inkdrop.info/note/d975606d93c067c5ef8d6adfb5db83b5/note:r1xTyulORf). Inkdrop also publishes account data through [the Inkdrop plugin registry](https://app.inkdrop.info/plugins) if you have published plugins.

You don't have to give Inkdrop a personal name or any social media names, and you can erase this data at any time.

Inkdrop uses your email to:

* confirm if your email address is correct to sign you up
* notify you about your free trial expires in 3 days
* notify you about your free trial has been expired
* notify you about your payment failure
* notify you about your account has been deactivated because of payment failure
* invite you to our lounge where only paid users can access when you became a paid user
* notify you about your annual subscription renewal 3 days before
* contact you in special circumstances related to your account
* contact you about support requests
* contact you about legal requests, like DMCA takedown requests and privacy complaints
* announce new Inkdrop product offerings, service changes, and features

Inkdrop stores account data as long as the account stays open. When account data also appear in plugin data, Inkdrop stores that data as long as it stores the plugin.

### Inkdrop collects shared note data.

When you [shared notes](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/sharing-your-notes-on-the-web) to the World Wide Web, Inkdrop collects the contents of the note without encryption, plus metadata, including your account data in order to make the note available to everyone, online.

You can unpublish your shared notes, erasing them from Inkdrop's storage, when you no longer need them to share with others.

### Inkdrop collects plugin data.

When you use [`ipm publish`](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/plugin-word-count#publishing) to publish plugins to the Inkdrop plugin registry, Inkdrop collects the contents of the plugin, plus metadata, including your account data.

Inkdrop uses data in plugins to provide those plugins to you and others who request them: when you publish a plugin to the Inkdrop plugin registry, Inkdrop makes the plugin and metadata available to everyone, online.

Making plugin data available to others allows them to download, build on, and depend on your work. In the vast majority of cases, Inkdrop stores data in and metadata about every version of every plugin indefinitely, unless it's unpublished.

In some cases, however, plugin publishers can unpublish packages, erasing them from the plugin registry. Erased plugins disappears completely from Inkdrop's storage.

### Inkdrop collects payment card data.

To continue using Inkdrop service after expiring free trial, Inkdrop requires your payment card data. Inkdrop itself does not collect or store enough information to charge your card itself. Rather, [Stripe](https://stripe.com/) collects that data on Inkdrop's behalf, and gives Inkdrop security tokens that allow Inkdrop to create charges and subscriptions. Stripe meets the highest level of PCI compliance (Level 1). See more on their [Security page](https://stripe.com/docs/security/stripe).

Inkdrop uses your payment card data only to charge for Inkdrop service.

Inkdrop instructs Stripe to store your payment card data only as long as you use paid Inkdrop service.

### Inkdrop collects data about correspondence.

Inkdrop collects data about you when you send Inkdrop support requests, legal complaints, privacy inquiries, and business inquiries. Those data usually include your name and email address, and may include your company or other affiliation.

Inkdrop uses contact data to:

* respond to you
* compile aggregate statistics about correspondence
* train support staff and other Inkdrop personnel
* review the performance of Inkdrop personnel who respond
* defend Inkdrop from legal claims

Inkdrop stores correspondence as long as it may be useful for these purposes.

## Where does Inkdrop keep data about me?

Inkdrop stores account data, note data, data about website use, and plugins on servers in the United States of America.
I sometimes retrieve those data to my personal computers in Japan. I use the data to develop, debug and maintain service.
The data is erased from my computers when no longer needed.

## Does Inkdrop comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation?

[Regulation (EU) 2016/679](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.L_.2016.119.01.0001.01.ENG), the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), does not apply to Inkdrop because:

 1. Inkdrop offers its service only in English and in USD currency.
 2. Inkdrop does not collect or track the European Union (EU) citizens' behaviour for personalization or retargeting purposes.

If you are a citizen or resident of EU, you still have a choice to use Inkdrop but we assume that you understand you can't claim your privacy rights based on GDPR.

## How can I access data about me?

You can access your account data at any time by visiting your account page on [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).

You can access your note data from the client apps available on macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS and Android which you can get at [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info/download).

You can [export all your note data](https://doc.inkdrop.info/manual/backing-up-your-data) in [JSON](https://www.json.org/) or Markdown format from our desktop client apps.

## How can I change or erase data about me?

You can change your account data and payment card data at any time by visiting your account settings page on [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).

You can close your Inkdrop account at any time through [app.inkdrop.info](https://app.inkdrop.info).
Closing your account starts a process of erasing Inkdrop's records of your account data including notes, shared notes, notebooks, tags and attachment files.
Closing your account does not automatically erase plugins published under your account.
You can unpublish plugins before closing your account with `ipm unpublish` command.
When you uninstalled our iOS app or Android app, the data stored in your device is completely erased.
When you uninstalled our desktop app for macOS, Windows or Linux, the data is not completely erased from your device. You can find the data which the app stores in following directory and you can erase them:

* on macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/inkdrop/`
* on Windows: `%APPDATA%/inkdrop/`
* on Linux: `~/.config/inkdrop/`

Closing your account anonymizes your topics and comments posted on [forum.inkdrop.info](https://forum.inkdrop.info/).
Your profile and IP address on the forum will be erased but your posts will be remained because they would be helpful for other users.
If you wish to delete them completely, email [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info) and let us know which user needs to be erased.

If you have questions or problems using the website or `ipm` command to change or delete data about you, email [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info).

## Does Inkdrop share data about me with others?

Inkdrop shares account data with others as [mentioned in the section about account data](#inkdrop-collects-account-data-).

Inkdrop does not sell information about you to others. However, Inkdrop uses services provided by other companies to provide Inkdrop service. Some of those services may collect data about you independently, for their own purposes. All of the companies are based in the United States.

Some of these services may be used to collect information about your online activities across different websites.

### Inkdrop uses Google Analytics.

Inkdrop's website uses Google Analytics to collect and analyze data about visitors to its websites. You can read [the privacy policy for Google Analytics online](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/). You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing a [free browser extension](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

### Inkdrop uses cloud computing platforms.

Inkdrop uses [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) servers and services, in service regions all across the world, to power the Inkdrop services. You can read [the privacy policy for AWS online](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/).

Inkdrop uses [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) servers and services, in service region in the United States of America, to power the Inkdrop services. You can read [the privacy policy for Heroku online](https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/).

Inkdrop uses [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/) servers and services, in service region in the United States of America, to provide [the Inkdrop forum](https://forum.inkdrop.info/). You can read [the privacy policy for DigitalOcean online](https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy/).

### Inkdrop uses Papertrail.

Inkdrop uses [Papertrail](https://papertrailapp.com/) to collect logs from its servers. You can read [the privacy policy for Papertrail online](https://papertrailapp.com/info/privacy).

### Inkdrop uses Stripe.

Inkdrop uses [Stripe](https://www.stripe.com/) to collect and use payment card payment data. You can read [the privacy policy for Stripe online](https://stripe.com/privacy).

### Inkdrop uses Mixpanel.

Inkdrop uses [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/) to collect and analyze data about visitors to its websites and how you use our apps. You can read [the privacy policy for Mixpanel online](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/). You can opt out of Mixpanel by visiting this page: [www.mixpanel.com/optout](https://www.mixpanel.com/optout). Those tracking data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.

### Inkdrop uses Rollbar.

Inkdrop uses [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/) to collect crash reports and error logs from our desktop apps and websites. Those crash reports include your technical information for simpler identification and incident management. Those data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.
For more information on what type of information Rollbar collects, please visit [the Privacy Policy page of Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/privacy/).

### Inkdrop uses Bugsnag.

Inkdrop uses [Bugsnag](https://www.bugsnag.com/) to collect crash reports and error logs from our mobile apps. Those crash reports include your technical information for simpler identification and incident management. Those data are not associated with your Inkdrop account.
For more information on what type of information Bugsnag collects, please visit [the Privacy Policy page of Rollbar](https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/).

## Who can I contact about Inkdrop and my privacy?

You can send questions or complaints to:

 * Takuya Matsuyama
 * [contact@inkdrop.info](mailto:contact@inkdrop.info)
 * 5-18-11-303
 * Tagara, Nerima, Tokyo
 * 179-0073
 * Japan

## How can I find out about changes?

Inkdrop will announce the next version on [the Inkdrop blog](https://blog.inkdrop.info/). In the meantime, Inkdrop may update its contact information and minor changes by updating the page at [Privacy Policy](https://doc.inkdrop.info/privacy), without an announcement. Inkdrop may change how it announces changes in future privacy versions.

You can review the history of changes in [the Git repository for Inkdrop's documentations](https://github.com/inkdropapp/docs).
